Boxy, Léo Lanteri Thauvin and the8472 for compiler-contributors (#852)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2021-06-15-boxyuwu-leseulartichaut-the8472-compiler-contributors.md

---
layout: post
title: "Please welcome Boxy, Léo Lanteri Thauvin and the8472 to compiler-contributors"
author: Wesley Wiser
description: "Please welcome Boxy, Léo Lanteri Thauvin and the8472 to compiler-contributors"
team: the compiler team <https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/compiler>
---

Please welcome [Boxy], [Léo Lanteri Thauvin] and [the8472] to the [compiler-contributors] group!

[Boxy] has been working on pushing const generics forward by [implementing parts] of the `const_evaluatable_checked` feature, [fixing bugs] and [making rustdoc work with const generics].
Boxy is also a frequent contributor to [#project-const-generics] discussions and meetings.

> [Léo Lanteri Thauvin] has been contributing refactorings and improvements to rustc for several years now.

Reviewer: My first PR was Dec 19, 2019, so only a year and a half :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Time flies when you're having fun? 😄

> [Léo Lanteri Thauvin] has been contributing refactorings and improvements to rustc for several years now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Léo Lanteri Thauvin] has been contributing refactorings and improvements to rustc since 2019.
```

Author: I went a slightly different way but let me if you'd prefer this.

> Recently, Léo has been [implementing] a [Major Change Proposal] to migrate the `unsafe` checker to operate on HIR instead of MIR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, Léo has been [implementing] a [Major Change Proposal] to migrate the `unsafe` checker to operate on THIR instead of MIR.
```
